[CIAPP] Update Azure docs for extension instead of webhooks (#17906)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/continuous_integration/pipelines/azure.md

> The Datadog integration for [Azure Pipelines][1] works by using [service hooks][2] to send data to Datadog.

Reviewer: Is this still accurate?

> works by using [service hooks][2] ...

Author: yes the extension is still service hooks

1. Install the [Datadog CI Visibility][8] extension from the Azure Marketplace.

> 1. For each project, go to **Project settings > Service hooks** in Azure DevOps and select `Create subscription` (green plus icon).

Reviewer: This should be 2. and so on right? I see the UI displays it well, but let's clean it here

Author: The number was off but the rest are not 1

> 2. For each project, go to **Project settings > Service hooks** in Azure DevOps and select `Create subscription` (green plus icon).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. For each project, go to **Project settings > Service hooks** in Azure DevOps and select the green plus (+) icon to create a subscription.
```

> 3. Create a new subscription to the now available service `Datadog CI Visibility` for each of the following webhook types:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Create a new subscription to the `Datadog CI Visibility` service for each of the following webhook types:
```

    - **Run state changed**
    - **Run stage state changed**
    - **Run job state changed**

3. Click `Next` to continue to the next step and set the following:
    - **Datadog Site**: {{< region-param key="dd_site" >}}

>     - **Datadog API Key**: `<API_KEY>` where `<API_KEY>` is your [Datadog API key][3].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - **Datadog API Key**: your [Datadog API key][3].
```

Maybe?

> 4. Click `Next` to continue to the next step and set the following:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. Click **Next** to continue to the next step and set the following:
```

> 5. Click `Finish`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
5. Click **Finish**.
```

<div class="alert alert-info">

> All 3 supported types of events are required and must be enabled individually.
> If one or more events are not enabled, the installation will be incomplete and lead to unexpected behavior in Datadog.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
All 3 supported types of events are required and must be enabled individually.
Not enabling one or more events results in an an incomplete installation, leading to unexpected behavior in Datadog.
```

</div>

### Configuring multiple projects in bulk

> If you want to enable the hooks for many or all your Azure projects we provide a [script](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DataDog/ci-visibility-azure-pipelines/main/service_hooks.py) to help you do it through the Azure API. For this you'll need:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you want to enable the hooks for many or all your Azure projects, Datadog provides a [script](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DataDog/ci-visibility-azure-pipelines/main/service_hooks.py) to help you do it through the Azure API. 

To run the script, you need:
```

> - Azure DevOps username
> - Azure DevOps [API Token](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/devops/organizations/accounts/use-personal-access-tokens-to-authenticate?view=azure-devops&tabs=Windows#create-a-pat)
> - Azure DevOps organization name

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- An Azure DevOps username
- An Azure DevOps [API Token](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/devops/organizations/accounts/use-personal-access-tokens-to-authenticate?view=azure-devops&tabs=Windows#create-a-pat)
- An Azure DevOps organization name
```

> The script only needs python3 and the requests package. For more info:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The script only needs python3 and the requests package. For more info, run:
```

> ```

Reviewer 2: ~~~suggestion
```shell
~~~

./service_hooks.py --help
```

> The script supports environment variables `DD_API_KEY` and `DD_SITE` and also flag parameters `--dd-api-key` and `--dd-site`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The script supports environment variables `DD_API_KEY` and `DD_SITE`, and flag parameters `--dd-api-key` and `--dd-site`.
```

> Example to enable for all the projects:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Example for enabling the hook in all projects:
```

```
./service_hooks.py \
    --dd-api-key ******************** \
    --az-user "John Doe" \
    --az-token ********************** \
    --az-org datadoghq \
    --threads 4
```

> Example to enable only in a couple of projects:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Example for enabling the hook in specified projects:
```
